[00:55] Erin Repp: Hi Katie, how are you doing? Good thanks, how are you?
[00:59] Stella Kirkby: Good. I see you're not in the office today.
[01:05] Katie Howell: I am not, no. we had We had the Christmas party last night and I'm too tired for this.
[01:12] Stella Kirkby: That's so fair. Well, hopefully they save you a donut.
[01:16] Katie Howell: Oh, I know. I saw your email. I was like, oh, no.
[01:21] Stella Kirkby: I mean, it was a whole box.
[01:22] Katie Howell: Put one in the fridge. We'll see what's left for me tomorrow.
[01:28] Stella Kirkby: Yes.
[01:30] Katie Howell: How's your week been?
[01:34] Stella Kirkby: Busy.
[01:35] Katie Howell: Busy. Yes. Robin's off. in Japan he is um which just makes my life busier yes yes very busy but um how was the Christmas party last night it was really fun actually it was um they're really keen on like doing themes so I think one year we've had like under the sea and um last year was mythical creatures and this year was 80s so I was like that's a bit more manageable um but yeah there's always a group of um like installers that always go pretty hard on the dress ups which is always fun so good and what a great time for erin to come in and be like okay yes i know right oh speaking of hi how are you going it's taking a minute
[02:38] Erin Repp: Hello, you're on mute. You're muted, yeah.
[02:43] Ari Vivekanandarajah: Hello.
[02:44] Erin Repp: Hi. We are all here.
[02:49] Stella Kirkby: Very good. How is everyone? Katie's just informed us that you guys had your Christmas party yesterday. So how is everyone, is everyone feeling dusty or do we control ourselves?
[03:06] Erin Repp: A little bit tired. but it's just made it feel like the end of the week.
[03:14] Stella Kirkby: Yeah, it's a big crawl having your Christmas party on a Tuesday night.
[03:18] Katie Howell: It's very Friday vibes today.
[03:21] Erin Repp: Yeah, except for that 10.30am meeting. But that's all right. Everyone survived.
[03:31] Stella Kirkby: Again, a brutal choice, a 10.30am meeting after the staff party. I know. It's not a photo shoot at 8 o'clock, so that's even worse. How are you guys? We're good. Just saying it's been a busy week. I feel like, yeah, everyone's just trying to squeeze as much juice out of the last couple of weeks as possible. We've got a lot of more like sort of industry, big industry corporate events that we work with as well. And they have a lot of their exhibitor promotion campaigns running at the moment. So it's everyone's kind of. trying to ramp all of that up before the end of the year and get as much done as possible so kind of gets busier for us at this stage which is um not ideal honestly but i'm hoping that the sugar arrived and
[04:20] Erin Repp: that you guys um not yet not yet interesting I was wondering what it might be.
[04:29] Stella Kirkby: Okay. It definitely did arrive. Okay, probably the most important.
[04:42] Erin Repp: I'm sorry, I'm going for it now. Thank you. Yeah, thank you. That's so nice. Totally fine.
[04:44] Stella Kirkby: I can imagine. Do we want to start with a quick update from your end, if there's anything pressing, any key updates? Otherwise, we can roll into platform and campaign specific.
[04:59] Erin Repp: performance. One, speaking of ramping up, when you feel like you'd be ramping down, we're presenting the summer campaign to our director this afternoon at 4 o'clock. So once that's signed off, which hopefully she's in a preview and liked it, so hopefully then we can just run with the hero asset for Meta, which is just like an animated... Yeah, I'll share it with you soon. hopefully we can just run with it and launch this week. I'm getting the drink ready now. That's the big one for me. And then yeah, MCLA, it's been quite quiet, but this time of year is quite quiet anyway. It's been a bit of a tough one, thanks for fixing up those links. Hopefully we can just ramp it up in the new year. But yeah, that's still pretty quiet, even with the drink offer.
[05:55] Stella Kirkby: Are we still switching that off? After this week on the 12th?
[05:59] Erin Repp: I'm going to just check, I don't know what my budget is. I think the idea was that once summer launches, which kind of encapsulates everything including late, that we'll just turn those off and then start bundling the budget into the main campaign. We're meeting on Monday, so I'll confirm then, even if we get a step in running to then.
[06:26] Stella Kirkby: Okay. Yeah, that's so fine.
[06:28] Erin Repp: Yeah, because there's no additional programming that I know of there either, so there's nothing more to add to it.
[06:35] Stella Kirkby: Yeah, yeah, yeah. Will there be an event next week? Yes.
[06:38] Erin Repp: There will be, yes. Okay,
[06:41] Stella Kirkby: great. So that still makes sense. Yeah.
[06:44] Erin Repp: Yeah. Oh, it'll be 11th. Oh, yeah. Yeah, one more.
[06:53] Stella Kirkby: Cool. Easy. Thank you. Any other updates?
[06:58] Katie Howell: From my side, just with the art pass, we've got copy sitting with the gallery, so they're just looking over that now, waiting on Claire to get back to me. Thank you, Ari, for sending over keywords for those groups, but I was just wondering if there was any thought of negative keywords for exclusions for that one, if there's a plan there, because I know a lot of them are really similar to... what we'll be using for Data Dreams. But I guess we're not doing Sydney, which is one good part of it, but I think for those more interstate areas we just might need a strategy there to stop cannibalizing the campaign.
[07:38] Ari Vivekanandarajah: Yeah, I can share that with you.
[07:42] Katie Howell: Thank you. And I think I was looking through my emails and it looks like Candice and Robin sorted right before he left. and confirmed the budget for that so that's great so now all that's left is approval from gallery side and then getting those over to you for setup yeah absolutely as soon as they come over we can hit the ground running yeah amazing thank you so much for your patience no problems and then katie sorry to interrupt did you want to chat with ari about the question of switching over to the landing page oh yes i meant to send that over to you yesterday but i got caught up so we've got uh We've got a landing page kind of on the go at the moment being built for Data Dreams. And that one's just a lot more ad focused, so conversion driven page rather than the existing one, which is like pretty dense with information. I was just wondering if you had any suggestions in terms of like switching that over, because it would be great for us to get some data of like one performing better than the other just to test and to see if we're going to put money into doing something like this again um would we be able to like isolate some campaigns with that landing page to test it or would you recommend doing just like kind of a clean sweep and then just measuring on either side of that change like a month on either side so
[09:06] Ari Vivekanandarajah: what we'll do is we'll um within the pain ad group we can have two ads with the same copy um two different landing page and we'll a b test to see which is getting the better conversions of course it's going to work better but at least for proof it will do it.
[09:24] Katie Howell: Yeah nice. Is that going to be an issue with like the budgets being quite small?
[09:30] Ari Vivekanandarajah: Not really that because it's at the campaign level so it'll just send spend across both landing pages.
[09:38] Katie Howell: And did you want to do that on search as in like or on Google doing that testing and then after the we can set. maybe like a two-week time frame or four-week time frame to like test that and then when we have the winner do you want to roll that out onto meta or do you want to do it at the same time so i think we can test it separately on board because
[10:00] Ari Vivekanandarajah: See on Google they are searching for something and coming across so conversions can be a little bit different to Meta where it's a bit more colder. Stella, if you're okay to test that as well. Yeah, that's fine.
[10:13] Katie Howell: Thanks. And I think that's being reviewed by Candice and Justine at the moment. So it should be built by end of the week to send over to you.
[10:25] Stella Kirkby: Yeah, awesome. Just on Meta. to run a proper a b test it's that's a setup that needs to happen at the top of the build so uh if we want to do that i will need to rebuild a bunch of the ads and take some of them out of market so they'll be like fresh like new ads which just it may not but just flagging that it might affect some of the performance like we might just see a bit of a slump at the beginning before it picks up again um yeah do you want to do
[10:57] Katie Howell: Like select regions or select campaigns so we're not doing too much disruption.
[11:02] Stella Kirkby: We can totally do that. Is that easier? I mean, it's not really about easier. It's more about, yeah, what kind of disruption you guys want to have to the campaign and where, if there's a particular region you want to trial it in, that sort of, yeah. Like happy to make a suggestion, but if you guys have thoughts already.
[11:22] Katie Howell: Yeah. I mean, potentially we could do in Sydney because that's getting the bulk. the conversion results through so as in the testing period would just be quicker yeah yeah if that's your recommendation if that's also because yeah we will need to do a test period just to be like told you so to other departments if that's going to be easier and then you can just switch it in those other existing campaigns. Is that better?
[11:54] Stella Kirkby: That's totally fine. We can definitely... Yeah. Nice. Fab. OK, great. Ari, did you want to go through Google Performance?
[12:06] Ari Vivekanandarajah: Yeah. All right. So let me show you actually this one. So what's good? about this week and I think the trend's looking pretty good. All of the DataDreams campaigns, cost per conversions come down. If you look at them, they're sitting at like $10, $12, $17 a conversion. And we're also starting to see conversions come through the demand gen, which is really good. So we saw three conversions from the Sydney, one conversion from Interstate. slightly higher but demand is more an awareness type of thing but when you kind of see conversions through that um that's definitely a great thing because that uplifts a lot of the search campaigns that are kind of running um the venues is sitting very similar forty dollars uh a conversion uh shopping is at seven dollars um a conversion which is really good um and then i will always on um and continuing to kind of perform. quite well as well so overall the kind of cost of conversions has um kind of come down to 17 average across all of the campaigns um so looking pretty healthy the um the mobile performance continues to kind of uh do quite well um tablets is the only one which is kind of struggling all the time so when out of 26 clicks there were only like two conversions that came through tablet something uh to keep i guess flagging with uh the team that's pretty much the update from google outside um and also i have set up the dreams campaign in the grant account as well um early stages but it's not starting to some clicks coming through the ground account um i think there was there's also like a potential
[14:21] Katie Howell: for an additional venues search campaign at the moment. We're just, I'm not sure if you've heard about it, but we're having a party at the MCA that the big group have been organising and the sales aren't doing as well as they would have hoped for this stage. So I think they've kind of sent something around looking for help. It would just be probably an additional ad set in the venue search campaign. but I'm just concerned about budget and how much that's going to cost us bidding on like Newseven Sydney and like for events at this time of year. Would you be able to give like an indication of like budget for the next three weeks. That would make a dent.
[15:12] Ari Vivekanandarajah: What is the event about?
[15:14] Katie Howell: It's like a New Year's Eve party. So like they're getting like level six, one of the venues that like booked out that space and trying to sell tickets. It's just like a really high price point. So it's like a $700 ticket. that hence the struggle.
[15:33] Erin Repp: There's two different events. There's one that's a rooftop party, so you'll have incredible views of Sydney Harbour and obviously get the views of the fireworks on both the bridge and the Opera House, which will be amazing kind of bucket list, once-in-a-lifetime experience. Get up there, get amongst it. And then the other experience is a dinner at Canvas, the restaurant on level four, which also has the similar views as well. But they are high price points, which means it is a very
[16:00] Ari Vivekanandarajah: So I think the best way to do this would be to spend higher on Meta, lower on Google, because Google is going to be very high in terms of CPCs for the massive party.
[16:15] Katie Howell: Yeah.
[16:16] Erin Repp: I mean, I'm almost wondering if we just do a Meta campaign entirely and we don't even do Google.
[16:25] Katie Howell: Yeah. Is it like for the two weeks, do you think? what would be a reasonable figure for that? Would it be kind of like around the 2k point, Stella?
[16:40] Stella Kirkby: I mean given that the ticket price point is very high which means your CPA will be high. So we're not looking at like selling a $70 ticket with a you know $20 CPA, you're looking at a $700 ticket with black potentially a hundred dollar CPA so just kind of factoring that in um you you would probably need more than 2k I reckon okay just
[17:14] Erin Repp: actually to actually get like a decent amount of ticket sales through so it's only it's 400 tickets available for the rooftop and they've already sold 250 so it's it's not like it's 500 that we still have to sell but I mean 150 is still considerable now.
[17:30] Stella Kirkby: Yeah I mean it might it might be worth like throwing 2k at it to start. We can give it a big push at the beginning and and then if we just don't see any traction with it or if we start seeing traction but we can see the CPA is really high so the budget is the constraint then we can kind of add you guys can have another conversation internally about whether there's more budget. But yeah.
[17:55] Katie Howell: and it's just flagging that yeah your cpa will be considerably higher than the sort of standard we're used to seeing yeah yeah just just purely price point of the ticket yeah i can start having a look through imagery and copy aaron if you maybe want to ask what budget would look like yeah see if that's something but yeah i agree with stella that like the like cpa will be high but like return on.
[18:24] Erin Repp: spend is a lot more valuable so it's just like if they want to invest in what we even have available because i think this is mostly it we wanted to just ask you all what you want to yeah um so let me take it back to the team and see
[18:43] Stella Kirkby: where we end up yeah it may be worth i don't know whether you had another opinion but it might be worth just having even a small amount of spend sitting on um search so that when people search the name of the event or even things like MCA New Year's Eve something like that really kind of yeah there's something there that it does pop up first um just in case that page isn't ranking at the moment
[19:10] Ari Vivekanandarajah: I agree yeah okay I think a small budget on Google is always good because um that also kind of helps with the meta campaign as well so i think having some budget there is good um also look it is a new year's eve party on so it is meant to be a bit expensive so um people are expecting if you're clicking through people are expecting it to be a little bit pricey yeah yeah
[19:41] Stella Kirkby: so yeah okay well let us know what you think where you land conversations on your end cool thank you no problems So on Meta, we've got a couple of campaigns running at the moment. So the membership campaign is ticking along as per usual. So just so far for the month of December, we've seen 16,500 in reach. 24 and a half thousand in impressions and just over 400 link clicks through to the website. Data dreams is the big one. So, so far this month we've seen just over 74,000 in reach and we're hitting a frequency of about 1.8. Then this is across all regions. This is total campaign. Link clicks were sitting at 2,183 and 135 purchases just so far for the last 10 days. So the ticket purchase wise is ticking along really well actually if we're looking at it comparatively to the other campaigns, the other big exhibition campaigns. The total purchases we've seen for the whole time the campaign's been running is 251 at this stage. As to be expected the majority of those sales are happening in Sydney. So we've seen 141 sales in Sydney campaign, 55 in both intrastate and interstate, and zero so far in New Zealand. But in terms of platforms, the data's showing pretty even sales across both platforms except for interstate, which is leaning very hard into Facebook, which is interesting given most of the other campaigns we have seen the majority of those sales on Facebook. Across all regions. So yeah, we interesting to see how that sort of evens out across the rest of the campaign But that is ticking along Obviously, we've got the up late ads as well in market. We're looking at about 54,000 in reach 114,000 in impressions and 128 clicks and this is just for this month like just for December. So this is the last 10 days at the moment we've seen 120 purchases this month so that's obviously for an event and took across two events two weeks and we're seeing a CPA of $10.70 which is actually looking quite good most of those are coming through Facebook we've seen 79 of those purchases through Facebook which is interesting and a different trend normally the up late and up our programming sees more through Instagram So yeah, an interesting shift. two previous years and again we've started seeing pretty even results in terms of conversions across the two different ad variations but we're kind of leaning more this month into ad two which is different from last month so I think once we've done run those ads fully up until kind of next week I'm happy to do a bit of a separate dive into like into that campaign as it's run in total and we can have a bit of a look about what's worked and what hasn't for next year. But otherwise it seems to be running okay. And then the last one we've got is Christmas Campaign. So this one at the moment we've seen 27,000 in reach, 39,500 impressions. We've seen 2,300 clicks through the website so it's getting some good traction there. We've got 16 purchases over over the... full period that it's been running. So we're sitting at a CPA of about $40 at the moment, but hoping given that campaign's not actually been running very long, we're hoping to see that CPA come down once we get closer to Christmas. I think also a reminder with this campaign we've seen in the past, it doesn't necessarily bring high purchases, but you will tend to see people will head in store, especially as we get closer to Christmas and obviously deliveries get less and most likely. So we do, I mean, the store does generally see an uplift, obviously, in this period. The idea is that we're running both traffic and conversions ads for this campaign. So some of that spend that's sitting in those CPAs is about people just seeing what's on offer and being reminded that the MCA store is a great place to buy a gift. So, yeah, but a $40 CPA at this point is OK. Instagram is seeing...
[24:22] Katie Howell: I find, um, Sorry to interrupt. I can find the date that shipping becomes unrealistic. And if we want from that date to put more money into the traffic ads rather than the conversion ones, maybe that's an idea for this year.
[24:39] Stella Kirkby: Yeah, awesome. Definitely.
[24:41] Erin Repp: I was just thinking copy rights for that as well. I don't know if you want to incorporate any cut-off dates to drive conversions online. Or if we'd also consider adding copy. like or a version that talks about the late night shopping because every mca like the store is open till nine so that is a great idea yeah
[25:02] Stella Kirkby: yeah yeah it would just be adding it into the um like the the sort of main copy because the carousels at the moment are running as the first um tile of the carousel is the like the imagery um like the studio shot stuff that you sent through katie and then the other uh tiles are just different um products coming from that particular like gift giving product catalog um and they're being you delivered based on the person's data that Meta has on that person and what they think they'll most likely click on or purchase. So the only piece of copy we can really alter is that top copy that's sitting above it.
[25:45] Erin Repp: So yeah,
[25:45] Stella Kirkby: I absolutely want to add in a shipping cutoff date to the conversion ads and a late-night shopping nod, absolutely. three or so copy variations there so I'll put like kind of a different one in each like a order for x date and then we're open late until Christmas and we can kind of have a look and see how that goes yeah I reckon if we do the do the like late night shopping in the traffic ads and then the nod to shipping yeah nice the conversion ones yeah perfect um but yeah we're definitely seeing we're seeing 11 purchases off Instagram five off Facebook which is unsurprising because the We've got Carousel ads and the Experience ads running, but the Experience shopping ads are Instagram only. So it makes sense, I suppose, that there's a few more sales coming off the back of those because it's a slightly better experience. But that is everything. Everything's ticking along. Made all those updates yesterday with all the links and the changes. That's all done. But we'll keep an eye on that and make sure that those don't do any weird changing. The links for Uplate, we made those changes ages ago. Because if you remember, Flo, we built them all out with the old links and then realized that they were wrong and then went back and pulled all the new links. And I changed all those like weeks ago. So I have no idea why. they seem to have reverted back. I will keep an eye on them. But yeah, and confirming that final carousel with the logo isn't there. So those other links that you were concerned about wouldn't have affected anything.
[27:36] Erin Repp: That's great. Thank you. Yeah, the links. Links. Links. Oh, yeah. Sorry. Well, I'm going to do well at all with the summer presentation. I'm going to do some chocolate. Every time I've been served, yeah, I'll be fine. Every time I've been served the ads and I click through, the link has worked for me.
[28:04] Stella Kirkby: Okay.
[28:05] Erin Repp: So, yeah. But others have clicked through and that's how it came to my attention there. Yeah,
[28:11] Stella Kirkby: interesting. Okay. Well, that lets, I mean, I suppose that's, I hope that it is only happening in very small. Amounts in weird spaces. I think yeah just flagging in so meta has updated its system as per always And now if you want to put different creative in different placements It's used to be able to just update like one if you had like a creative for any kind of portrait Placement versus a feed placement. It was just like one update now I have to update the portrait placements into every single placement individually. So It's like stories in one place and stories in a different place and then reels through news feed and reels through other things. So it's like it can at times get to like six different placements that needs to be updated in one ad. So, yeah, every time we make the changes, there's just a lot of different moving parts. So just in terms of timelines around getting things changed has become a bit longer. Yes. Yeah. And because Meta's platform is also not the fastest platform, so unless you're sitting in like turbo internet, it can be a bit clunky. So yeah, just in terms of timeline turnarounds for the changes, particularly like the carousel ads with all the different kind of things anyway.
[29:35] Erin Repp: Yeah, and especially for late because we were like updating every week to remove the program. So that will be wrapping up soon in summer. There shouldn't be any edits really need to do that. So yeah, it's good to know. I did just have a final thought to Katie, sorry I'm not trying to give you more work again, but with the New Year's Eve. I know that we did go out to ambassadors, like our donors, who that higher price point kind of is more aligned with. So I wonder if we can pull that list, like we could bring target localites to that list. Yeah,
[30:22] Katie Howell: that's a really good idea.
[30:24] Erin Repp: Yeah, just because of that higher point, it's like you get more targeted with it.
[30:29] Stella Kirkby: Yeah, absolutely.
[30:30] Katie Howell: Would you have access to do that in Mailchimp Stella? I think we were looking the other day of whether or not you were in that platform.
[30:37] Stella Kirkby: We have done that a few times haven't we? We've tried to get in. Let me have a look. There might already be a list in the back of Meta. There's a couple of lists set up in Meta that are like smart lists that are linked to Mailchimp. So they update automatically if there's already like a specific audience list in Meta. Sorry in Mailchimp. So let me double check and see if there's a donor one that's already linked up. And if not, I will check if I have. Because I will check. I have no recollection of whether I've been into the Bileship account or not.
[31:13] Katie Howell: Because I was thinking, I was like, I can download that and send it to you. But then that's, I'll probably have to download. It'll be such a big file. I'll have to put it like on Dropbox and send you a link. I was like, maybe if you can just download it directly, that might be easier. But I can also, I think you've got. you're listed on there as access so I can remove your access and like resend it if you've gotten a password or something like that okay no no leave it if I'm there then potentially I will either I'll either have a link in my emails or
[31:41] Stella Kirkby: I should be able to just log in I can just reset my password or something that's fine nice cool awesome um was there anything else from your guys and not needed any information stage okay fab Well, we'll wrap it there and yeah, we'll be in touch over the next week with all of the campaigns and updates and things happening.
[32:07] Erin Repp: Yes. Beautiful. Thank you. Thanks so much. Talk to you later.
[32:12] Stella Kirkby: Thanks a lot, guys. Yeah.
[32:13] Erin Repp: Bye.